contracts/docs/HTSTokenOwner.md, before:

# HTSTokenOwner









## Methods

### erc20address

```solidity
function erc20address() external view returns (address)
```






#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _0 | address | undefined |

### getTokenExpiryInfo

```solidity
function getTokenExpiryInfo(address token) external nonpayable returns (int256 responseCode, struct IHederaTokenService.Expiry expiryInfo)
```

Operation to get token expiry info



#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| token | address | The token address |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| responseCode | int256 | The response code for the status of the request. SUCCESS is 22. |
| expiryInfo | IHederaTokenService.Expiry | The expiry info of the token |

### getTokenKey

```solidity
function getTokenKey(address token, uint256 keyType) external nonpayable returns (int64 responseCode, struct IHederaTokenService.KeyValue key)
```

Query token KeyValue



#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| token | address | The token address to check |
| keyType | uint256 | The keyType of the desired KeyValue |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| responseCode | int64 | The response code for the status of the request. SUCCESS is 22. |
| key | IHederaTokenService.KeyValue | KeyValue info for key of type `keyType` |

### grantTokenKyc

```solidity
function grantTokenKyc(address token, address account) external nonpayable returns (int64 responseCode)
```

Operation to grant kyc to token account



#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| token | address | The token address |
| account | address | The account address to grant kyc |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| responseCode | int64 | The response code for the status of the request. SUCCESS is 22. |

### isKyc

```solidity
function isKyc(address token, address account) external nonpayable returns (int64 responseCode, bool kycGranted)
```

Query if token account has kyc granted



#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| token | address | The token address to check |
| account | address | The account address associated with the token |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| responseCode | int64 | The response code for the status of the request. SUCCESS is 22. |
| kycGranted | bool | True if `account` has kyc granted for `token` |

### mintToken

```solidity
function mintToken(address tokenAddress, uint256 amount) external nonpayable returns (bool)
```



*Creates an `amount` of tokens and transfers them to an `account`, increasing the total supply*

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| tokenAddress | address | The address of the token we want to mint |
| amount | uint256 | The number of tokens to be minted |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _0 | bool | undefined |

### pauseToken

```solidity
function pauseToken(address token) external nonpayable returns (int256 responseCode)
```

Operation to pause token



#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| token | address | The token address to be paused |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| responseCode | int256 | The response code for the status of the request. SUCCESS is 22. |

### revokeTokenKyc

```solidity
function revokeTokenKyc(address token, address account) external nonpayable returns (int64 responseCode)
```

Operation to revoke kyc to token account



#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| token | address | The token address |
| account | address | The account address to revoke kyc |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| responseCode | int64 | The response code for the status of the request. SUCCESS is 22. |

### setERC20Address

```solidity
function setERC20Address(address _erc20address) external nonpayable
```



*Sets the HederaERC20 contract address*

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _erc20address | address | The address of the HederaERC20 contract |

### tranferContract

```solidity
function tranferContract(address tokenAddress, address to, uint256 amount) external nonpayable returns (bool)
```



*Transfers an amount of token from the token owner contract to an account    *

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| tokenAddress | address | The address of the token we want to transfer |
| to | address | The address of the account the tokens will be transferred |
| amount | uint256 | The number of tokens to transfer |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _0 | bool | boolean True if successful        |

### transfer

```solidity
function transfer(address tokenAddress, address from, address to, uint256 amount) external nonpayable returns (bool)
```



*Transfer an amount of tokens from an account to another account    *

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| tokenAddress | address | The address of the token we want to transfer |
| from | address | The address of the account the tokens will be transferred to |
| to | address | undefined |
| amount | uint256 | The number of tokens to transfer |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _0 | bool | boolean True if successful        |

### unpauseToken

```solidity
function unpauseToken(address token) external nonpayable returns (int256 responseCode)
```

Operation to unpause token



#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| token | address | The token address to be unpaused |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| responseCode | int256 | The response code for the status of the request. SUCCESS is 22. |

### updateTokenExpiryInfo

```solidity
function updateTokenExpiryInfo(address token, IHederaTokenService.Expiry expiryInfo) external nonpayable returns (int256 responseCode)
```





#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| token | address | undefined |
| expiryInfo | IHederaTokenService.Expiry | undefined |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| responseCode | int256 | undefined |

### updateTokenKeys

```solidity
function updateTokenKeys(address token, IHederaTokenService.TokenKey[] keys) external nonpayable returns (int64 responseCode)
```





#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| token | address | undefined |
| keys | IHederaTokenService.TokenKey[] | undefined |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| responseCode | int64 | undefined |

### wipeToken

```solidity
function wipeToken(address tokenAddress, address account, uint32 amount) external nonpayable returns (bool)
```



*Wipes an amount of tokens from an account    *

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| tokenAddress | address | The address of the token we want to wipe |
| account | address | The address of the where tokens will be wiped |
| amount | uint32 | The number of tokens to wipe |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _0 | bool | boolean True if successful        |

Commit message:

Cash out tokens functionality and tests
Signed-off-by: mamorales <miguelangel@io.builders>

contracts/docs/HTSTokenOwner.md, after:

# HTSTokenOwner









## Methods

### burnToken

```solidity
function burnToken(address tokenAddress, uint256 amount) external nonpayable returns (bool)
```



*Burns an `amount` of tokens owned by the treasury account*

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| tokenAddress | address | The address of the token we want to burn |
| amount | uint256 | The number of tokens to be burned |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _0 | bool | undefined |

### erc20address

```solidity
function erc20address() external view returns (address)
```






#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _0 | address | undefined |

### getTokenExpiryInfo

```solidity
function getTokenExpiryInfo(address token) external nonpayable returns (int256 responseCode, struct IHederaTokenService.Expiry expiryInfo)
```

Operation to get token expiry info



#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| token | address | The token address |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| responseCode | int256 | The response code for the status of the request. SUCCESS is 22. |
| expiryInfo | IHederaTokenService.Expiry | The expiry info of the token |

### getTokenKey

```solidity
function getTokenKey(address token, uint256 keyType) external nonpayable returns (int64 responseCode, struct IHederaTokenService.KeyValue key)
```

Query token KeyValue



#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| token | address | The token address to check |
| keyType | uint256 | The keyType of the desired KeyValue |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| responseCode | int64 | The response code for the status of the request. SUCCESS is 22. |
| key | IHederaTokenService.KeyValue | KeyValue info for key of type `keyType` |

### grantTokenKyc

```solidity
function grantTokenKyc(address token, address account) external nonpayable returns (int64 responseCode)
```

Operation to grant kyc to token account



#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| token | address | The token address |
| account | address | The account address to grant kyc |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| responseCode | int64 | The response code for the status of the request. SUCCESS is 22. |

### isKyc

```solidity
function isKyc(address token, address account) external nonpayable returns (int64 responseCode, bool kycGranted)
```

Query if token account has kyc granted



#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| token | address | The token address to check |
| account | address | The account address associated with the token |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| responseCode | int64 | The response code for the status of the request. SUCCESS is 22. |
| kycGranted | bool | True if `account` has kyc granted for `token` |

### mintToken

```solidity
function mintToken(address tokenAddress, uint256 amount) external nonpayable returns (bool)
```



*Creates an `amount` of tokens and transfers them to an `account`, increasing the total supply*

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| tokenAddress | address | The address of the token we want to mint |
| amount | uint256 | The number of tokens to be minted |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _0 | bool | undefined |

### pauseToken

```solidity
function pauseToken(address token) external nonpayable returns (int256 responseCode)
```

Operation to pause token



#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| token | address | The token address to be paused |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| responseCode | int256 | The response code for the status of the request. SUCCESS is 22. |

### revokeTokenKyc

```solidity
function revokeTokenKyc(address token, address account) external nonpayable returns (int64 responseCode)
```

Operation to revoke kyc to token account



#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| token | address | The token address |
| account | address | The account address to revoke kyc |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| responseCode | int64 | The response code for the status of the request. SUCCESS is 22. |

### setERC20Address

```solidity
function setERC20Address(address _erc20address) external nonpayable
```



*Sets the HederaERC20 contract address*

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _erc20address | address | The address of the HederaERC20 contract |

### tranferContract

```solidity
function tranferContract(address tokenAddress, address to, uint256 amount) external nonpayable returns (bool)
```



*Transfers an amount of token from the token owner contract to an account    *

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| tokenAddress | address | The address of the token we want to transfer |
| to | address | The address of the account the tokens will be transferred |
| amount | uint256 | The number of tokens to transfer |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _0 | bool | boolean True if successful        |

### transfer

```solidity
function transfer(address tokenAddress, address from, address to, uint256 amount) external nonpayable returns (bool)
```



*Transfer an amount of tokens from an account to another account    *

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| tokenAddress | address | The address of the token we want to transfer |
| from | address | The address of the account the tokens will be transferred to |
| to | address | undefined |
| amount | uint256 | The number of tokens to transfer |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _0 | bool | boolean True if successful        |

### unpauseToken

```solidity
function unpauseToken(address token) external nonpayable returns (int256 responseCode)
```

Operation to unpause token



#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| token | address | The token address to be unpaused |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| responseCode | int256 | The response code for the status of the request. SUCCESS is 22. |

### updateTokenExpiryInfo

```solidity
function updateTokenExpiryInfo(address token, IHederaTokenService.Expiry expiryInfo) external nonpayable returns (int256 responseCode)
```





#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| token | address | undefined |
| expiryInfo | IHederaTokenService.Expiry | undefined |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| responseCode | int256 | undefined |

### updateTokenKeys

```solidity
function updateTokenKeys(address token, IHederaTokenService.TokenKey[] keys) external nonpayable returns (int64 responseCode)
```





#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| token | address | undefined |
| keys | IHederaTokenService.TokenKey[] | undefined |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| responseCode | int64 | undefined |

### wipeToken

```solidity
function wipeToken(address tokenAddress, address account, uint32 amount) external nonpayable returns (bool)
```



*Wipes an amount of tokens from an account    *

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| tokenAddress | address | The address of the token we want to wipe |
| account | address | The address of the where tokens will be wiped |
| amount | uint32 | The number of tokens to wipe |

#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _0 | bool | boolean True if successful        |
