cli/README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# Hedera Stable Coin - Command Line Interface (CLI)

[![CLI - Test](https://github.com/hashgraph/hedera-accelerator-stablecoin/actions/workflows/cli.test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/hashgraph/hedera-accelerator-stablecoin/actions/workflows/cli.test.yml)

</div>

### Table of Contents
- **[Overview](#Overview)**<br>
- **[Build](#Build)**<br>
  - [Pre-requirements](#Pre-requirements)<br>
  - [Steps](#Steps)<br>
- **[Run](#Run)**<br>
  - [Config file](#Config-file)<br>
  - [CLI flow](#CLI-flow)<br>
- **[Test](#Test)**<br>
  - [Jest](#Jest)<br>
  - [Execute](#Execute)<br>
- **[Support](#Support)**<br>
- **[Contributing](#Contributing)**<br>
- **[Code of Conduct](#Code-of-Conduct)**<br>
- **[License](#License)**<br>

# Overview
The Command Line Interface (CLI) uses the API exposed by the SDK to create, manage and operate Stable Coins. It is meant as a "demo tool" to showcase the project's functionalities.

# Build

## Pre-requirements
You must have installed

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) `>= v16.13` and `< v17`
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)

You must have installed and built

1. [Contracts installation](https://github.com/hashgraph/hedera-accelerator-stablecoin/blob/main/contracts/README.md#installation)
2. [SDK installation](https://github.com/hashgraph/hedera-accelerator-stablecoin/blob/main/sdk/README.md#installation)
3. [Hashconnect installation](https://github.com/hashgraph/hedera-accelerator-stablecoin/blob/main/hashconnect/lib/README.md#installation)

## Steps
From the root of the CLI project workspace:

- Run `npm install`. This will create and populate `node_modules` and build the project and dependencies.
- Run `npm start`. This will display the CLI options.
- Run `npm run start:wizard`. To start the CLI in wizard mode creating a config file in the project folder.

# Run
To use the CLI correctly it is necessary to generate a configuration file in which the default network and the accounts with which you want to operate in the network will be indicated. These parameters can be modified later on, from the CLI.

## Config file
The configuration file that is generated populates its fields with dynamic questions when the CLI is started for the first time.
The file format is .yaml and the structure is as follows:

```
defaultNetwork: 'testnet'
networks:
  [
    {
      name: 'mainnet',
      consensusNodes: [],
      mirrorNodeUrl: 'https://mainnet.mirrornode.hedera.com/',
    },
    {
      name: 'previewnet',
      consensusNodes: [],
      mirrorNodeUrl: 'https://previewnet.mirrornode.hedera.com/',
    },
    {
      name: 'testnet',
      consensusNodes: [],
      mirrorNodeUrl: 'https://testnet.mirrornode.hedera.com',
    },
  ]
accounts:
  [
    {
      accountId: '',
      privateKey: { key: '', type: '' },
      network: '',
      alias: '',
      importedTokens: [],
    },
  ]
logs:
  path: './logs'
  level: 'ERROR'
factories: [
  {
    id: '0.0.123456',
    network: 'testnet'
  },
  {
    id: '0.0.123456',
    network: 'previewnet'
  }
]
hederaERC20s: [
  {
    id: '0.0.123456',
    network: 'testnet'
  },
  {
    id: '0.0.123456',
    network: 'previewnet'
  }
]
```

## CLI flow
![Alt text](docs/images/CLI-flow.png?raw=true 'CLI flow')

When the CLI is started with the configuration file properly configured. The first action will be to select the account you want to operate with. By default, the list of configured accounts belonging to the default network indicated in the file is displayed.

If there are no accounts in the file for the default network, a warning message will be displayed and a list of all the accounts in the file will be shown.

When an account is selected, the main menu shown in the previous image is accessed. It will operate in the network to which the account belongs.

### Main Menu
From the main menu users are able to use the following functions:

1. Create a new Stable Coin
2. Manage imported tokens
3. Operate with an existing Stable Coin
4. List Stable Coins
5. Configuration

### Operate with stable coin
The operations that can be performed with a stable coin are as follows:

1. Cash in
2. Details
3. Balance
4. Burn
5. Wipe
6. Rescue
7. Freeze an account
8. Unfreeze an account
9. Role management
10. Refresh roles
11. Danger zone

### Role management
Administrators of a stable coin are able to manage user roles from this menu, being able to give, revoke and edit roles.

1. Grant role
2. Revoke role
3. Edit role
4. Has role

The available roles are:

- CASHIN_ROLE
- BURN_ROLE
- WIPE_ROLE
- RESCUE_ROLE
- PAUSE_ROLE
- FREEZE_ROLE
- DELETE_ROLE

### Configuration menu
Operations related to the configuration file including the accounts that are used and the network in which we operate.

1. Show configuration
2. Edit config path
3. Edit default network
4. Manage accounts

### Manage accounts
Operations related only to the accounts we use to manage/operate the stable coins.

1. Change account
2. List account
3. Add new account
4. Delete account

### Danger zone
This section contains the stable coin operations that can be performed that are particularily "dangerous" either because they affect every single token owner (PAUSE) or because they can not be rolled-back (DELETE).
For security reasons these operations are grouped in a "sub-menu" so that users do not run them by mistake.

1. Pause stable coin
2. Delete stable coin

# Test

## Jest
The project uses [Jest](https://jestjs.io/es-ES/) for testing.

## Execute
Tests may be run using the following command

```shell
npm run test
```

# Support
If you have a question on how to use the product, please see our
[support guide](https://github.com/hashgraph/.github/blob/main/SUPPORT.md).

# Contributing
Contributions are welcome. Please see the
[contributing guide](https://github.com/hashgraph/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
to see how you can get involved.

# Code of Conduct
This project is governed by the
[Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct](https://github.com/hashgraph/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By
participating, you are expected to uphold this code of conduct. Please report unacceptable behavior
to [oss@hedera.com](mailto:oss@hedera.com).

# License
[Apache License 2.0](LICENSE)

Commit message:

cli docu updated
Signed-off-by: alberto <alberto@io.builders>

cli/README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# Hedera Stable Coin - Command Line Interface (CLI)

[![CLI - Test](https://github.com/hashgraph/hedera-accelerator-stablecoin/actions/workflows/cli.test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/hashgraph/hedera-accelerator-stablecoin/actions/workflows/cli.test.yml)

</div>

### Table of Contents
- **[Overview](#Overview)**<br>
- **[Build](#Build)**<br>
  - [Pre-requirements](#Pre-requirements)<br>
  - [Steps](#Steps)<br>
- **[Run](#Run)**<br>
  - [Config file](#Config-file)<br>
  - [CLI flow](#CLI-flow)<br>
- **[Test](#Test)**<br>
  - [Jest](#Jest)<br>
  - [Execute](#Execute)<br>
- **[Support](#Support)**<br>
- **[Contributing](#Contributing)**<br>
- **[Code of Conduct](#Code-of-Conduct)**<br>
- **[License](#License)**<br>

# Overview
The Command Line Interface (CLI) uses the API exposed by the SDK to create, manage and operate Stable Coins. It is meant as a "demo tool" to showcase the project's functionalities.

# Build

## Pre-requirements
You must have installed

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) `>= v16.13` and `< v17`
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)

You must have installed and built

1. [Contracts installation](https://github.com/hashgraph/hedera-accelerator-stablecoin/blob/main/contracts/README.md#installation)
2. [SDK installation](https://github.com/hashgraph/hedera-accelerator-stablecoin/blob/main/sdk/README.md#installation)
3. [Hashconnect installation](https://github.com/hashgraph/hedera-accelerator-stablecoin/blob/main/hashconnect/lib/README.md#installation)

## Steps
From the root of the CLI project workspace:

- Run `npm install`. This will create and populate `node_modules` and build the project and dependencies.
- Run `npm start`. This will display the CLI options.
- Run `npm run start:wizard`. To start the CLI in wizard mode creating a config file in the project folder.

# Run
To use the CLI correctly it is necessary to generate a configuration file in which the default network and the accounts with which you want to operate in the network will be indicated. These parameters can be modified later on, from the CLI.

## Config file
The configuration file that is generated populates its fields with dynamic questions when the CLI is started for the first time.
The file format is .yaml and the structure is as follows:

```
defaultNetwork: 'testnet'
networks:
  [
    {
      name: 'mainnet',
      consensusNodes: [],
      mirrorNodeUrl: 'https://mainnet.mirrornode.hedera.com/',
    },
    {
      name: 'previewnet',
      consensusNodes: [],
      mirrorNodeUrl: 'https://previewnet.mirrornode.hedera.com/',
    },
    {
      name: 'testnet',
      consensusNodes: [],
      mirrorNodeUrl: 'https://testnet.mirrornode.hedera.com',
    },
  ]
accounts:
  [
    {
      accountId: '',
      privateKey: { key: '', type: '' },
      network: '',
      alias: '',
      importedTokens: [],
    },
  ]
logs:
  path: './logs'
  level: 'ERROR'
factories: [
  {
    id: '0.0.123456',
    network: 'testnet'
  },
  {
    id: '0.0.123456',
    network: 'previewnet'
  }
]
hederaERC20s: [
  {
    id: '0.0.123456',
    network: 'testnet'
  },
  {
    id: '0.0.123456',
    network: 'previewnet'
  }
]
```

## CLI flow
![Alt text](docs/images/CLI-flow.png?raw=true 'CLI flow')

When the CLI is started with the configuration file properly configured. The first action will be to select the account you want to operate with. By default, the list of configured accounts belonging to the default network indicated in the file is displayed.

If there are no accounts in the file for the default network, a warning message will be displayed and a list of all the accounts in the file will be shown.

When an account is selected, the main menu shown in the previous image is accessed. It will operate in the network to which the account belongs.

### Main Menu
From the main menu users are able to use the following functions:

1. Create a new Stable Coin
2. Manage imported tokens
3. Operate with an existing Stable Coin
4. List Stable Coins
5. Configuration

### Create new Stable Coin
In order to create a new stable coin you will have to fill-in all the required information. 
Once the request is ready, the CLI will extract from the configuration file the factory and HederaERC20 contracts based on the network you are working on.
The request as well as the factory and HederaERC20 contract's addresses will be submitted to the SDK that will use them to deploy the stable coin.

> When the configuration file is first created, the factory and HederaERC20 contracts added to the "testnet" network are the default ones (contracts deployed and maintained by IoBuilders). However users are free to deploy and use their own contract, in order to do that, the configuration file must be updated with the new factory and/or HederaERC20 contract' addresses.



### Manage imported tokens
Stable coins that we have not created with our account but for which we have been assigned one or several roles must be imported in order to operate them.

1. Add token
2. Refresh token
3. Remove token

### Operate with stable coin
The operations that can be performed with a stable coin are as follows:

1. Cash in
2. Details
3. Balance
4. Burn
5. Wipe
6. Rescue
7. Freeze an account
8. Unfreeze an account
9. Role management
10. Refresh roles
11. Danger zone

### Role management
Administrators of a stable coin are able to manage user roles from this menu, being able to give, revoke and edit roles.

1. Grant role
2. Revoke role
3. Edit role
4. Has role

The available roles are:

- CASHIN_ROLE
- BURN_ROLE
- WIPE_ROLE
- RESCUE_ROLE
- PAUSE_ROLE
- FREEZE_ROLE
- DELETE_ROLE

### Configuration menu
Operations related to the configuration file including the accounts that are used and the network in which we operate.

1. Show configuration
2. Edit config path
3. Edit default network
4. Manage accounts

### Manage accounts
Operations related only to the accounts we use to manage/operate the stable coins.

1. Change account
2. List account
3. Add new account
4. Delete account

### Danger zone
This section contains the stable coin operations that can be performed that are particularily "dangerous" either because they affect every single token owner (PAUSE) or because they can not be rolled-back (DELETE).
For security reasons these operations are grouped in a "sub-menu" so that users do not run them by mistake.

1. Pause stable coin
2. Delete stable coin

# Test

## Jest
The project uses [Jest](https://jestjs.io/es-ES/) for testing.

## Execute
Tests may be run using the following command

```shell
npm run test
```

# Support
If you have a question on how to use the product, please see our
[support guide](https://github.com/hashgraph/.github/blob/main/SUPPORT.md).

# Contributing
Contributions are welcome. Please see the
[contributing guide](https://github.com/hashgraph/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
to see how you can get involved.

# Code of Conduct
This project is governed by the
[Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct](https://github.com/hashgraph/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By
participating, you are expected to uphold this code of conduct. Please report unacceptable behavior
to [oss@hedera.com](mailto:oss@hedera.com).

# License
[Apache License 2.0](LICENSE)
